Pardon me?
I can't be
Yetian Temple
You've been in a small place for too long and you're blind.
Are you deaf?
Sister-in-law Chamber of Commerce Wuhan University Hall is already three
Support Ye Shao to become the president
Let's not talk about this for now
Talk about grades
Since adulthood
Led the Ye family's market value to increase by as much as 10 times
Look at the imperial capital
Who doesn't call it a young man Toshihiko
Peerless Jiaolong
Boy, let me tell you
Today is the big summer merchant
The day the president is elected
It was ordered by the master of the temple
Since it is an elected president?
Naturally, the most important thing is
Business skills and excellent potential
Five managers
Lian Po is tired
Authority young talent
And I, Ye Rulong
It is the richest and most famous commercial pawn in the imperial capital
The temple can also inquire about one or two
It is expected that I, Ye Rulong, will be elected president
What are you fighting me with?
Ten times in five years
I thought I was capable
Brother Ruo releases news from the whole network for me
Just say that I, Ye Tianci, have returned to the Ye family
Financing is required now
Within 5 minutes, the market value of the Ye family skyrocketed a hundredfold
Landing on the world's top 500
The young master really wants to do this
Just a message
Can you really get them to provide you with financing?
And that's a lot of money.
Just do it.
Today I will show them what the gap is.